Prepared release 0.1.0 (#59)
exasol/script-languages-developer-sandbox: doc/changes/changes_0.1.0.md

> # script-languages-container-ci-setup 0.1.0, released 2022-10-06

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# script-languages-developer-sandbox 0.1.0, released 2022-10-06
```

Author: fixed

Code name: Initial release

## Summary

> Initial release of script-languages-container-ci-setup. Provides the creation of a developer sandbox AMI and virtual machine images for a specific version of the script-languages-release project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initial release of the script-languages-developer-sandbox. It provides the creation of a developer sandbox AMI and virtual machine images for a specific version of the script-languages-release project.
```

Author: integrated
